hi guys hope you're all well today's
video it's going to be another one of my
wedding edition ones if you've not
checked out the first one I have a
playlist on my channel so feel free to
check that out that was on them save the
dates but today's one is on how I've
made my wedding invites and I absolutely
love these and they're really really
simple just look like this it's like a
lace style effect of a bow and opened
out does open out like this they're
meant to be quite rustic and quite
pretty really and also quite simple to
make as I've made all my invites myself
so if you want to see how I made this
then keep on watching
you will need printed invitations on a
card of your choice ribbon and scissors
double-sided sticky tape and paper duty
now I've opted to use size DL card you
can use whatever size you like providing
that the duties you choose are twice the
width in order to be folded and meeting
the middle of your card so as you can
see I'm making sure my card is in the
center of the doily and then just making
a fold on each side so that they meet
quite nicely in the middle
like this as you can see I have a slight
over hand of my duty but don't worry
we'll come back to that
so now I'm gonna take some double-sided
sticky tape
and just secure this at the top of the
doily
and also at the fossil Montford really
next I'm gonna take my card
and just make sure it's in the center
account of my doily
and then press it down this is cute
and then fold over my doing again to
make sure it's all nice and neat or
cutting off the excess with scissors
next I'm taking some ribbon haven't got
an exact measurement for the ribbon but
you just need enough so that it will fit
around your card and also enough excess
to tie a bow and then using a small
piece of double-sided sticky tape and
securing this to the back of the cart in
the center and then securing the ribbon
onto the card the sticky tape again in
center
then turning over my card and taking
some more double-sided sticky and using
two small bits to secure the ribbon onto
the front of the card
at the edges of the dreamy
you
so once you've secured the edges of your
River you can now make the phone
which is pretty self-explanatory
once you're happy with your bow you can
cut off any excess edges to make it nice
and for there you have it
so that is how I make my wedding invites
they're really really simple but I think
they look quite effective and quite
pretty really from a rustic bohemian
style wedding which is what I'm having
they have not long now so yeah and I
also made some RSVP cards to go with it
and as you can see they've got the
little flower which is kind of the same
as the one peeking through here and also
the same as on my save the date so I
have like a kind of running theme
throughout my wedding stationery and we
also have about showing the address
little envelopes to post the RSVP cards
with and - all matches in together quite
lovely and if you want to see how I made
these then check out my blog post again
they're really easy it's not rocket
science
so I'm sure you could come up with
something that like yourself and
together I hope you like this video and
please let me know if you do decide to
make these and tweet me a photo on my
Twitter which is in the downbar and yeah
I hope you enjoyed this and I will be
doing a place cards tutorial at a later
date I'm in the process of making those
at the moment so if you'd like to see
those and stay tuned so that is it for
me and I'm gonna stop waffling on I hope
you enjoyed this video and I will see
you soon bye
you